feat(sendHtml): allow custom error page (#281)
americanexpress/one-app: docs/api/modules/App-Configuration.md

* [Frank Lloyd Root's `appConfig`](../../../prod-sample/sample-modules/frank-lloyd-root/0.0.0/src/config.js)
* Library: [Opossum](https://nodeshift.dev/opossum/)

## `errorPageUrl`

**Module Type**

- ✅ Root Module
- 🚫 Child Module

**Shape**

```js
if (!global.BROWSER) {
  Module.appConfig = {
    errorPageUrl: String,
  };
}
```

> The `errorPageUrl` directive is useful for supplying a URL to a custom error page. This URL needs to return a `Content-Type` of `text/html` and a `Content-Length` of less than `50000`. The URL will get called when your root module is loaded and is rendered if and when an error occurs.

Reviewer: where did the `< 50000` limit come from ?

Author: @JAdshead it was a limit that @mtomcal and I came up with randomly I will admit. We wanted to discuss during the code review.

Author: @JAdshead I changed this to be the default size of our modules

> The `errorPageUrl` directive is useful for supplying a URL to a custom error page. This URL needs to return a `Content-Type` of `text/html` and a `Content-Length` of less than `50000`. The URL will get called when your root module is loaded and is rendered if and when an error occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `errorPageUrl` directive is useful for supplying a URL to a custom error page. This URL should return a `Content-Type` of `text/html` and a `Content-Length` of less than `244000`. The URL will get called when your root module is loaded and is rendered if and when an error occurs. It is recommended that you keep the custom error page as small as possible.
```
